[music]
[applause]
this
[music]
[applause]
I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready and
now we look at the sky at the last
time and the boys were killed well well done good work
who spawn for -2 300
and who is running the Montenegrin side now
who is now the flashlight department who is coming now
home who now takes the barrel who
now kill all fredy cyprus wild
ruler of crazy table type numbered
thug three pyaterochka and I for lutal trunk
quietly you guys run to them
bottom I get everyone to run away and I will
equal to pvp will be who dare to reload
gun without my permission unequivocally
in the temple some little jerboa small
sits his pestle and charges don't feel
now let's see where you ran
even zombies don't run away like you ran away i
I didn't show you the same anal
my boy come here I miss you
my boy
boy i will show you the whole world
come to me well where are you i will show you
plants that I have not seen you are not
is there something where are you
God, where did he go for it?
which i was missing okay okay
okay let him run
head for a pity well you have me
I've got bandages bandages may have no
you were beaten
come on boy take me oh how everyone
shaking how about come here my boy I
show you my world you come here
uchi-way you are my little you are you
my baby hid under the blanket
poor little apron someone so scared
magnum ammunition chu-chu not george
do you hear i shoot you the same
no one will know or do not know why
run on and because above the features on
a bundle floor just gold come here cut
spoke
[music]
this